Part one.

1. HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol) is the protocol by which computers communicate between themselves. Mainly browsers with databases, and browsers with servers. 
2. A URL (Universal Resource Locator) is a "message" that a browser sends to server, containing the desired protocol, the desired hostname, the specific resource inside
that hostname, and optionally a query to specify a search or any aditional data. 
3. A DNS (Domain Name System) is the "list" that contains all the human-readable hostnames associated with their corresponding IPs, so the browser can translate the input into an IP. 
4. A Query string is a data-value pair, added at the end of a URL, to specify any particular aspect of that URL. Begins with "?", has the structure "key=value" and it's separeted by "&". A URL admits several query strings, and they're optional. 
5. GET is an HTTP verb that stands for a request that doesn't alter the state of the database. POST is an HTTP verb that will alter the database state by saving information in it or either deleting information from it, or any other kind of modifications to the db. 
6. An HTTP request is a "message" that a browser sends to the database, asking it to either retrieve some data, to save some data or to delete some data. 
7. An HTTP response is the data that the server sends to the browser once the request has been processed. 
8. An HTTP Header is a "tag" that specifies a certain part of the information requested or responded. It features the method, the time and date, the IP of the resource and of the sender, etc. 
9. "http://somesite.com/some/page.html" If the browser spoke, it would say this: "use the protocol called HTTP to call the ip registered in the DNS book as "somesite.com", from that IP get all the resources tagged under "some" and under "page" and whose documents has an html format.


Part two. 
All pirates jokes command:
curl "https://icanhazdadjoke.com/search?term=pirate"
Dig response was null, after a couple of hours is showing four IPs, this is one of them: 104.27.178.173


